I hope makuri DVDs here I like DVD
excuse me miss I was wondering if you
could tell me if you carry this movie
called I shouldn't say the name or
welcome to DVD mark all dvds are on sale
for 499 for an extra two dollars you can
get free hot dog what do you think of
that Sonny well you see I'm looking for
this movie called ah I shouldn't say the
name hot as me going please excuse me
can you say that name again I didn't
hear what you said sure wow you sure
have a a really deep voice of the movie
is called ah uh hot bitches in heat vol
3 yeah that's the name sure we did not
carry that soon I'm sorry sir but we do
not have that would you like to buy a
hot dog for a dollar 99 you can get a
free drink too or if not you could go
down to the video heat down the street
and maybe you could find your film well
okay thanks for checking for me and I oh
I guess I go down the street to what you
say the name was many I'll heat oh my
yes I'll go bear and see if I have my
movie thank you bye bye my what a weird
place I hello there'd work the video
eight how may I assist you today I think
I'll be going now this place is a little
bit too much for me
you